1.  For deliverOrder, are we able to say we delivered the entire order as a single event, or should we break individual dish in the order as separate deliverOrder?
On the GUI; there may be a submit button, we may be submitting the entire order at once.. then one line in event txt
Flexible; ask ourselvevs what s most useful for the features later

2. Inventory: Do we need to only worry about food ingredients? YES

3. graphic, how many interface (DK: I think it depends)

4.server owns tablet or table owns tablet (DK: probably server?)

5. Should we use Google-java-format?

6. Who should do the log? Assume invalid input? ANSWER: Try to handle as many invalid input;
if it s beyond boundary, then write it and explain it in readme...
EXAMPLE: someone trying to deliver that hasn't been made yet; then don't make it crash
WELCOME to use the exceptions; something went wrong and the program can't fix it.

7. does one receiver ceceive all stock? NO

8. config, what txt do we have to worry about?
a)  Config files: files you need to start the program; different from programs you need to RUN the program.
b) if txt is not there, create an empty file so the program is able to run
c) Find a way to check that the file is there


9. manually change? so it does not go through our code? Jerry received the answer

10. static TableManager, Inventory, Menu is good

11. What happens if adjustments are invalid? Solved? return error? or silent fail

12. What to do if event.txt has invalid input? (exceptions or output to console?) Refer to #6

13. request restart? do it saves? Refer to #8

14. when dish is delivered, does it need to assign to a server: our design choice

15. Dish is cooked, customer doesn't want it, but not enough ingredient left to recook
The customer would have to order a dish that can actually be cooked(i.e.) OR the customer leaves

16. Clear table? When customer leaves, we have to refresh the table..

Phase2: want to have logger; optional for phase1 (print will suffice)

17. Javadoc for private methods as well!



REQUEST: decide if you want the request to remain till the restock, or remove it once the restock order is made

manager can change the request.txt manually on console? not necessary :)


i. the manager can.. modify the order? (jerry)

ii. something tht says the manager did it.. or see it
avoid


